very good guys that so welcome to the
new video from basware farc today I'm going to
comment a pretty curious fact
we could say the other day michael
gondry was tweeting what the
apas best weapons depending warfare
how the people were in the games
what does this mean, here is the
tweet with the top 5 x 160 the panzer this
weapon is awesome I do not have it anymore
he could touch me in the 230 supplies
advanced to open but I do not have
I just caught him a little bit sometimes
is on the ground and such and said oh god
mine well the rx 160 hold panzer is the
weapon with which on average all
players that juana step alpha in all
the platforms are better in the
games that is the best weapon
proportion low deaths has everything
the game we could say to be better
perfectly good weapon we go to the
final the group piatek this is
precisely the weapon that the other day
You saw a fierce with the white info
3 then we have endorsement 27 that is
pique good you know I do not have it
and then we have the insanity chéveres
you want to see 1,357 times in the channel
really not so many but yes that's good 6
that I have it and used it a thousand times and
then we have the mel and heavy once
use the sub pour but the heavy mili
is in second place you could say
which is the second best weapon in the game
depending on how people are in the
games and today we are going to see really if
that weapon deserves that position the beast
is and here you have the class that I wear
this nanotechnology that is very ugly
but good as I never put it then
maybe I'll put it on and go to
check that because this weapon is in
second place really what beast that is
so nothing we go to the game ok ya
we're here solar duel the team
only and this map when the gusts say
kill you is that you really
of control and can be armed here one
plane or here with the people that this is going to
be very very heavy precisely the case
of these are the accessories that I'm going to
Bring with the heavy hand mili
unsheathed and large boots is
raising the idea of putting fire on
fast but I say if that is already like
accept what is tight so
that the player
the fact is that it is quite good because
when they are not full you never know no
we are six against six never good
and he burst his head uncle
impressive that has been very
awesome kid sank there
of this life has the purpose of
show you why the skillful and heavy that
occupy the blind host you are disoriented
because he deserves it and occupies the second
place in that top of the arms with the
what better were the players of
apanás warfare has that purpose and what
You are going to see what I will demonstrate
place
and I was looking for it and the yo
behind you have to take advantage of this map
really kid is that if I took a
drone on this map is already out of control
everything is going all the shit they kill here
much the gusts in alone when they want
so that is worth seeing I saw you explaining
why this weapon is in second place
basically manage badly that kills
three bullets at any distance and that
that I just mentioned is something very
billet
that is, for a weapon to kill three
bullets from any distance is a weapon
very tied vale vale is getting
pretty the game for everyone and killing
bloodthirsty began to do here
precisely the case and other media that
Kills three bullets at any distance
with which you already raised a live on your
time and in george villages if it does not fail me
the memory is the sub milli pour kills
three bullets at any distance also
the problem you have is a great weapon
handicap is that it removes two dots of
clear charger and that fucks your life
because you put it extended chargers
put in the shit and still I think that
has 75 bullets is armed this weapon or
nothing and not the one that I just hit for
get me the perfect drone that goes
supported richer
perfect
it is very much worth going to throw the
guard see I still have bullets and for
do against here and now I comment on
issue of super ter because the game
It's getting very cool stone
throne here is as if you will become a god
up there because that you'll see how
they kill in the first lowered other mega
run of 15 we go there care that
I'm out of bullets this I've put
groba scavenger I just need that I
I have bullets here to stop a train
also with heat is expanded in the past
the supertel drops two dots of
charger and that's crap
this is what I tell you about the gusts
amazing
Uncle Fuck Young Assures As Not With the
assistant
look how it's killing the gusts is that
normal nani there we are the weapon that
occupies the second place on the top
this kills as a series is very
impressive climb up here to see if
we caught this man hello that such
question of steel bike that carries this
list and the color rosita you have good
accuracy with this weapon and you become
automatically in the god of apan sugar
far care in the game goes by 50
low is still enough is that this
he hit me really is a subscriber if
is that if he had not hit me with a punch
without meaning I say it can not be that there is a
enemy I think I'm seeing it
punches for I'm surprised life nothing
it's subscribers you really want to
can play calm
here enough back
the truth
uy a naval rod to a bullet plus miss
if I had not turned in plan
padlock would have killed it would have killed
There is hood and we are shitting but we are going to
get to 40 casualties to see if we go to 40
low baba potato daddy I'm left four
and that gives time to spare uncle was time
to spare we're going to 40 perfect grave falls
3 remain
two
but my 40 casualties
the effect on removed is taken that
distance as close
I want to get the perfect 8 and the
we have guys should try to leave a
flame comes out a falling we know the case
let's try to finish the game with
good foot without being too upset
I hope not to die trying to have the
departure without dying Augustine antimatter
up there, it's worth noting that eviction
I was really punching
is that sometimes because it bothers you
a little play this way not the
last low
we do not do it
we will not see is going to be a little
regrettable
with more fear a bad level of less evil
we will not end the case
horned how many times in a way that
I did not explain myself because I was
hitting my side is a 41 5 this is a
last guys told us the mel and super
Ceres contains the same damage as this weapon
kills three bullets but has the great
gay handicap that you take away the
charger dots and stays in the
borrowed shit is it takes away driving and
it's a cheat that you flip and for that reason
which is in second place in that top
to line when I touch the rx golf
to be really is that it is very much
you better touch the rusty I'm
many people do not know because it is a
professional dam the youngest weapon of the
judged from a burst with a cadence
bestial is awesome but good
I hope you have loved this
game please do not play much now
with the heavy metal that is very
still and how you kill me with that weapon for
there I will say that for you to show them
this to the peña to gref good guys
I hope that you have decided tomorrow
see if I bring you a random they come out very
special pretty funny and see you
in the next big video the
subscribers who are hitting and punching
greetings to you goodbye